I carved the words on the gold lock
Your one has my name engraved on it.
As long as there is a gold lock
Wherever you are
Mom will find you and reunite with you
Don't talk nonsense
He wants to take my place
You've got to get him out of the house. Enough
You all say that the golden lock belongs to you
Then tell me where he came from
Prove it yourself
Oops, Shen Mei didn't mention this.
Where am I going?
Mom, you start first
20 years have passed
Mom has been through too much in Xiaodao Village
Some things I really can't remember
Shen Gui, you said
This was 20 years ago.
Mom used all her savings
Here's your birthday present.
But I haven't had time to celebrate your birthday yet.
I was sold by your grandfather
Ah yes, I suddenly remembered
This is my birthday present for you.
I didn't expect it.
This matter was overheard by that bitch Shen Mei
It's not my mom at all
That's not true.
I just forgot for a while
You must believe me.
I am your mother
Don't you dare?
Dare to lie